Reflection 1:

Comparison of files using FC (windows) or Diff (Mac, Gitbash and Linux) saves time. 
If I change a project and cannot figure out what I did wrong this allows me to quickly locate the error I have made.

Reflection 2:

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

It allow me to access version of my code that were functioning or featured elements that I may want to use again that I have later removed. This has the 
potential to save me time.

Reflection 3:

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Manual Pros:

Can choose to commit at logical times like after a feature change or large bug fix.

Are able to leave commit messages explaining what the commit changes were. 

Manual Cons:

Possible to forget to make a commit.


Auto Commits:
Pros:

Always saves periodically.


Cons:

May save too often or too little.
cannot leave commit messages explaining changes.

Reflection 4:

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Git is designed to deal with CODING projects in which multiple files interact with each other and so changes to one may affect many. Google docs etc are designed to
deal with projects where in a single file is the whole project and changes to one file do not affect others.

Reflection 5:

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

The log and diff commands allow me to view the history of commits made and then to compare the differences in the versions of the project related to those commits.

Reflection 6:

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Because you can be sure your previous working version still exist and you can easily access/ revert back to them.  

Refletion 7:
Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I want to use git to help me with my university and personal coding projects. Hopefully it will make things more efficient..